Calm Tweed Fish

high

# No slippage protection when adding or removing liquidity

## Summary
In the Velodrome strategy, before each withdraw and deposit action, [`_addLiquidity`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/main/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L243) and [`_removeLiquidity`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/main/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L330) are called respectively. In those functions, there are no slippage parameters set which makes the entire funds in the strategy face the risk of slippage.

## Vulnerability Detail
In general, the strategy first remove all liquidities before actions, and after actions, liquidities are re-added. For example, when an user wants to withdraw his shares from the strategy, he first calls `withdraw` function in the vault, which vault calls `stragtey.beforeAction`, and later `strategy.withdraw` to first withdraw all funds, and transfers user needed amount back to vault, after this, all other left assets are added back to the pool to continue accrue interests.

In `_removeLiquidity`, for example, we can see when liquidities are removed with parameters:

```solidity
            decreaseLiquidityParams = INftPositionManager.DecreaseLiquidityParams({
                tokenId: positionMain.nftId,
                liquidity: liquidity,
                amount0Min: 0,
                amount1Min: 0,
                deadline: block.timestamp
            });

```

And where `amount0Min` and `amount1Min` are set to 0. In most cases, this is alright, as min amount are checked in vault's functions. However, a malicious user can grief this by inputing 1 for min amount because the vault requires min amount needs to be greater than 0. And now, the entire funds in the strategy will no longer have slippage protection. This malicious user can simply deposit 1 wei and withdraw 1 wei at a relatively low cost, when the market is volatile, all liquidity in the strategy will be at risk of encountering slippage and other types of attacks such as sandwich attacks.

## Impact
Since the way strategy invests in the pool is by withdrawing all from the pool, and then re-add again, a slippage can potentially cause fund loss for all users who have participated in the strategy. Given that the way of making this work is relatively low, as 1 wei of deposit or withdraw can make this happen, this is a medium or a high severity issue.


## Code Snippet
```solidity
            decreaseLiquidityParams = INftPositionManager.DecreaseLiquidityParams({
                tokenId: positionMain.nftId,
                liquidity: liquidity,
                amount0Min: 0,
                amount1Min: 0,
                deadline: block.timestamp
            });

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add slippage parameters in those liquidity functions, or maybe consider set a fixed range of values as min amount.
