Trendy Plastic Tiger

medium

# `StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome#retireVault()` can be permanently bricked for as little as `~1 wei`


## Summary

`StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome#retireVault()` is used to retire a strategy when it's no longer in use and this also sends are the remaining fee to the `fee recipient` however the current flow of this function can be made permanently unavailable for as low as 1 wei using the next order of operations:

- To call the `StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome#retireVault()`, the trusted owner is expected to make sure the `totalSupply() = 10**3` so this [check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L794) passes and the vault can be successfully retired.
  > The `totalSupply()` must be `10**3` , cause asides the [check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L794), going to the OOS vault implementation we can see that the `10**3` value is used to [block the popular first depositor share inflation attack]https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/vault/BeefyVaultConcLiq.sol#L215C1-L219C10), where [the `MINIMUM_SHARES` in this case `10**3` shares](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/vault/BeefyVaultConcLiq.sol#L23) is sent to the `0x00dead` address.
- This then means that protocol's current logic when the `totalSupply() = 10**3` is that `totalSupply() = 0`, since one can't access the assets in the `dead` address.
- So now when the Owner calls on `retireVault` with `totalSupply() = 10**3`, a griefer can just front run this call with depositing to get as low as 1 wei asset from the vault.
- Which makes this [check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L794) fail, and essentially makes the admin unable to retire the vault and also unfairly lock off the fee recipient from their amounted fees potentially forever.

Breaking the core functionality of retiring a vault and locking off the fee recipient from their fees **forever** at very minimal cost by anyone makes this submission [**at least** a medium by Sherlock's judging guidelines](https://docs.sherlock.xyz/audits/judging/judging#v.-how-to-identify-a-medium-issue), since it satisfies all the below:

> 1. Causes a loss of funds but requires certain external conditions or specific states, or a loss is highly constrained. The losses must exceed small, finite amount of funds, and any amount relevant based on the precision or significance of the loss.
> 2. Breaks core contract functionality, rendering the contract useless or leading to loss of funds.

> Q: Could Denial-of-Service (DOS), griefing, or locking of contracts count as a Medium (or High) issue? DoS has two separate scores on which it can become an issue:
> The issue causes locking of funds for users for more than a week.

## Vulnerability Detail

See _summary_

Also take a look at https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L793-L800

```solidity
    function retireVault() external onlyOwner {
        //@audit
        if (IBeefyVaultConcLiq(vault).totalSupply() != 10**3) revert NotAuthorized();
        panic(0,0);
        address feeRecipient = beefyFeeRecipient();
        IERC20Metadata(lpToken0).safeTransfer(feeRecipient, IERC20Metadata(lpToken0).balanceOf(address(this)));
        IERC20Metadata(lpToken1).safeTransfer(feeRecipient, IERC20Metadata(lpToken1).balanceOf(address(this)));
        _transferOwnership(address(0));
    }
```

Evidently, expecting a strict equality between `totalsupply` & `10**3` before retiring vaults mean that anyone frontrunning this call with as low as 1 wei of assets to ensure the check always fails **forever**.

## Impact

- Core functionality of `retiring the vault` and passing on the ownership to `0x0` is broken.
- The fee recipient is locked off from their tokens.
- Attack is very cheap to execute by a griefer.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L793-L800

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider reimplementing the logic of the strict equality between `totalsupply` & `10**3`, since `10**3` has already been sent to the `dead` address, the check should be re-addressed to equate the supply with a befitting the value that makes this attack not cheap to execute
