Daring Basil Osprey

high

# `maxDevation` for some pools can be at most 3, which may be easily weaponized

## Summary

`maxDeviation` value is set so `calmPeriod` is checked on important actions such as `deposit`, `withdraw` and `_setTicks`. It protects against pool price manipulations using the current price, twap for a period and decide whether price has been manipulated by comparing it to the price deviation:
```solidity
    function isCalm() public view returns (bool) { 
        int24 tick = currentTick();                
        int56 twapTick = twap();

        int56 minCalmTick = int56(SignedMath.max(twapTick - maxTickDeviation, MIN_TICK));
        int56 maxCalmTick = int56(SignedMath.min(twapTick + maxTickDeviation, MAX_TICK));

        // Calculate if tick move more than allowed from twap and revert if it did. 
        if(minCalmTick > tick  || maxCalmTick < tick) return false;
        else return true;
    }
```

The problem here is that if we are overprotective, a path for new vulnerabilities is uncovered. 
Here this is the case.
## Vulnerability Detail
If we [check veldrome pools and their liquidity](https://www.geckoterminal.com/optimism/velodrome-finance-slipstream/pools), we see that second and third most active pools are `USDC/sUSD` and `USDC/USDC` .  We assume that those pools are of interest to the protocol, because they are from the most active pools. Both has a fee of 0.01% and a `tickSpacing = 1`, which means that  protocol can set `maxTickDeviation` to at most `3`, because of the following lines:
```solidity
    function setDeviation(int56 _maxDeviation) external onlyOwner {
        emit SetDeviation(_maxDeviation);

        // Require the deviation to be less than or equal to 4 times the tick spacing.
        if (_maxDeviation >= _tickDistance() * 4) revert InvalidInput();

        maxTickDeviation = _maxDeviation;
    }
``` 
Here we can also notice that the comment is wrong by claiming that deviation could  `be equal` to 4 times tick spacing, when the reality is  that it can be at most 3.

This is a very tight range, which can easily be moved even for stablecoin pairs without opening arbitrage oppertunities, because it is capital neglectable, but such action would cause important strategy actions to revert.

We can provide the following real values:
- For pool `USDC/sUSD` we have `tick = 276339`, which corresponds to price of `1.001498402659`
- An attacker can make a large between the tokens and move the tick with just 4
- Tick becomes `276343`, which corresponds to a value of `1.001899062114`, which is so neglectable that nobody has an interest of "rebalancing" back the price.
- When `twap` reaches the new tick, the attacker can do the reverse swap and return tick with another 4 and so on.
- This a DoS path, which requires only small capital from the attack (just enough to move the price with 4 ticks). Also, he doesn't lose it and can do it over and over again.
He can delay/DoS different user actions such as `deposit/moveTicks/_setTicks/setPositionWidth/unpause` , which checks if the pool is `calm`.  Also rebalancer actions `moveTicks` may be DoSed. Those are crucial and may result in user losing staked tokens, if current tick is not favourable. Malicious actor can DoS moving ticks and when the range has moved, he can call `withdraw`, which doesn't check the calm period, but withdraws all funds and then again minting a position with old tick params (which result in minting a position with zero liquidity, because there is also no slippage check on `minAmountOut` when trying to mint a position)
## Impact
Temporary DoS, which can develop into funds loss for protocol and users
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-beefy-cowcentrated-liquidity-manager/blob/42ef5f0eac1bc954e888cf5bfb85cbf24c08ec76/cowcentrated-contracts/contracts/strategies/velodrome/StrategyPassiveManagerVelodrome.sol#L709
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make `maxDeviation` limit larger.